It what is it guys and welcome back.
Now in this video I'll be showing you that how can you add a booking product so this will be like a
people can procure UCU for the purpose of that what ever they want and for something like that so you
can just create an online shop for like if you need an electrician then you have electricians and you
want people to just book electricians for just like on all the bases and on daily bases they can do
create a website for that.
OK.
And if you also want to create website like for yourselves like iTunes yielder.
Com if I just want to add that functionality in here so that people can just hire me on the hourly basis
just they can hire me like that so I'm just going to also show you how ANY just created to first thing
comes first.
I just want to show you that if someone wants to hire me here like this OK how can he hire me.
So first we will be just trying it right here.
OK.
I'm just going to show you what you have to do.
How can he hire myself on hourly basis.
And if someone has already hired me then the other person should not be able to hire me on that day.
And on that specific are and I also defined that from which time to which time it will be available
and Sunday would be off dead Sunday I will not be doing the work.
We just hanging out with my friends and family and other.
So I have to just define everything in here and this is a vast thing.
OK you have to understand everything guys has because if you do not understand this seriously you will
not.
You will not be able to do that.
So make sure to leave everything just concentrate on it because this is not the designing part.
This is the technical part and you have to focus on it.
OK.
If you do not find anything to be like if there is any confusion that then she may surely just go ahead
and watch the video again.
And if you still if thats still convenient is not over then you can ask me and you to me for him to
pay attention to it guys.
So lets just get him here and he can see that we have an extra thing that says all the bookings so since
we dont have any of the booking and sees nothing ok.
I'm just going to go ahead.
I'm going to add a product.
So we will be adding a product for the booking like the first IF are creating a hotel booking then we
have to enter the hotel name in the product section.
So if you are creating just a Web site for a hotel booking then you just need a one single product.
Okay.
And thats all you do.
You do not need anything.
And then here would be the different options that you get out.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this.
Head of product so the product name that I wanted to be like higher than Zele.
Okay.
So since I am a person here who has just create my own thing here it will be like higher than zero from
my book insight from like S10 a company that will be course dot com and then Zele Phil be working for
like one hour and for one hour he'll charge $50.
OK.
So I'm just going to come here I'm just going to select this.
And here you can see that I have an extra options that says bookable product.
OK.
So we already know about these.
I don't have to explain you if you do not know then make sure to follow the e-commerce section because
that is important if you do not have the understanding of this you cannot understand the bookable product.
Please guys please please please do not just jump into this.
Go ahead and learn everything.
Learn the whole section of the e-commerce section.
Do watch that and then come here.
So now here I just want to select the bookable product right now and here its here and just ask me three
questions.
OK the first one is like a virtual has persons has resources.
So the virtual is like that cannot be shared since he is hiring me I am allowed we ship to his country
OK.
If you are like something hiring like Key me and then it will also be the ship that you want to charge
him like I'll just come to your country and you have to pay me that I don't want to do that.
So this is the virtual product.
OK.
Basically he's hiring me.
I'll do his work on the team you or I'll do any work that any work he wants from me and he can just
hire me on all the bases.
OK so now we have this has operations and this is specifically for flight test ok like if you want if
you want an on line test basis like there people can register and you can go ahead and check thislike
has a person.
So if your classroom has 30 seats available you can just allow that 30 percent out 30 people is the
maximum and only one person can book.
OK.
And it all just like if it exceeds the tourney then we will not allow it.
So that's like this or if you are just doing a hotel service like it's a hotel and the people and wants
to be coming up and staying in the hotel it can be like like a child or a normal like an adult so you
can just create two categories like if he's a child then we'll charge him five bucks and if he's an
adult and he'll charge him like 20 bucks.
So this is what they mean.
But since I don't want to charge on the child or anything I'll just charge him like it's normal for
a bit but everybody waited for the right guy with the record go all over the child.
You have to pay $50 for an hour.
OK.
And then we have the has resources so for resources it can be like if you are using a hotel then you
can ask them like you need a big bedroom you need a bedroom bed and LCD Elodie TV internet my FAE are
simple that so you can add multiple resources to just charge your customers.
And most people do that I just hate it.
Seriously guys them.
These are things you should add that in your hotel so that people can just buy it.
So let's go ahead and say we have the booking duration.
So this is me like booking duration.
How much time the booking duration would be so we will be charging the customers on the all the bases.
OK.
So this is like an hour so a customer can book this for in our ok he can not Bowcock more than ours.
So you can just select that if you want to.
Or you can also give your customers the option is that customer defined blocks like customer you can
hire me for I like minimum duration should be one hour OK.
And the maximum duration can be like five hours.
I will not work more than five hours because five hours after five hours I'll I'll get tired and I cannot
work.
So you can just select it like this.
OK a minimum duration is one hour or two and the maximum is five or so this is how it's going to work.
OK and her Tay's Kolender always visible.
So what what does this mean is that it will show a calendar on the basis of like how much you want to
book for how long you want to book and the dates that are available.
I am to the book.
So let me show you let me just published this post.
Let me just publish it.
Let me show you how this is going to look so if I just come here and I just open this product right
now and then let me show you how this is going next sick and see artists looking at teazed a generation
that for how long you want me to hire.
So it says if the guy says I want him to be two hours pay and then here is this a date and here I can
just move on like it is like to be like chandlery 18 and then I can say like I want to I want to hire
him for him for this one.
OK.
And then I'm going to select the time.
For the time like for 4 AM I want him to work at 4 a.m..
So this is the cost that is coming.
This is free obviously we haven't added any cost for like a single hour.
OK that is why this is coming.
If we just we can also make it like it will not be visible the customer can only hire me for one single
are OK if he just selected and it will be like four or five six and four five six will not be bookable
by another person OK because he has our Me and this is higher than Ziller him on.
This is the one single guy how can you work for two people industry.
So if a guy just looks me if I just book me.
OK Dan..
Then another guy cannot book me on that specific date.
And on that specific date.
So this is the power of that plug in and that is why this plugin cost that much.
OK guys so now let's go ahead and do what we want to do is that we can also just like it like fixed
number of one hour.
So the customer only has to buy me for me not by me book me for one single or he can not go beyond that
so if I just select it he can see it will be like okay we haven't assigned any thing that is right is
just showing free but you can see that the customer can not go beyond that if it is so like 2 to 22
then he has to select this like if he selects 11 am done is right here he cannot just go beyond that
one.
RS If you just book trate now it will say that he has bought me for he has bugged me for one single
are the pay this is what I mean I'm just going to go ahead.
And now here I just want to select the customers so that customers can just hire me from 1 to 5.
RS OK.
Now we have the calendar.
All is visible.
I showed you that how calendar will be looking.
Okay.
And now here we have requires confirmation.
This means that if someone just hire me and then they book now.
OK.
So then it requires confirmation that I'll be getting an e-mail and I even type confirm it then he will
be to not accept this guy do not exceed this thing.
I seriously seriously you want to evade someone to pay if he just didnt even approve it.
And then he will be to be a long time.
So just do it.
Everything from automatically like if this is available he can just book it.
He can pay.
And if he is being old I will work for it.
But if you do not one that you just whine like if he wants to book he just have to confirm.
I just have to confirm like when he said that he dont have to pay right now.
OK.
Payment will not be taken during check out Vence approve it and then the payment will be taken.
So do not approve this guy seriously.
You can also arm this bill like an appointment for the doctors so you can also do it like on all the
bases and on something like that so you can see this is also how it can work for appointment you can
just just like confirm it like if the doctor is available.
Or if the doctor has to do anything else but since this is a freelance based work and I will and I would
not recommend you to choose this for any of the field category but do you guys know that.
Which type of thing that you want.
So if you want it to be checked and you can check it check this box if booking requires admin approval
confirmation payment will not be taken during check out so they can check it and they say it can be
canceled.
Check this box if the booking can be cancelled by the customer after it has been pre-Chase a refund
Milad be sent automatically.
So if someone has booked something then it can be cancelled so if you want like if someone has hired
me already OK then he can cancel it.
No if you have hired me then you should pay for it and you cannot cancel it.
OK I'll be there if you if there is a change in time.
I'll just mention in the privacy policy.
I'll just mention it in the terms and conditions when then person can just when the person is being
that.
If you want to cancel your jesting is not refundable and not just Heibel because if you hire me and
then this is just a simple guy if someone has already hired me then he has paid me.
After a few minutes or after a few hours he's just like like I don't want it and then physically he
has taken the right of the other person and any other guy could hire me on that time.
So why would I want to refund them.
OK he has had me.
He has to be.
So this is what I mean.
OK so you can just check it if you want to but it requires a lot of effort.
So payment bilabiate refund automatically the booking will be cancelled and then you have to do it manually
so do not check it.
OK this is totally done right here.
Now we have the next section and that saves cost.
So this is really important.
OK we have to select everything it says base cost and block cost so what does the base cost physically
based cars is something like If you buy only me for one just like one hour she'll be the same if you
buy me for two hours.
It will be the same if you buy me for three years it will be same and block cost means like this is
like we have chosen one are here.
OK.
So this is like if you buy me if you hire me.
Sorry if you hire me for one hour.
OK then I will charge you $50.
OK.
And if you buy me for two hours OK then I will charge you $100.
So this is like block block means that a single thing a single art this is defined here.
If I just select it to be like months then it will be like if if someone buy me for one month then it
will be $50.
And if someone buys me for two months then it will be $100.
This is how you can define it here and this will be called as a block.
OK.
So I have chosen here that the block will be on all the bases and if someone hires me for one arm then
I'll charge him $50 OK and then I have the display cost.
So this split cost means that how much you want to display it.
So leave it as the floater that it displays like from $50.
That's all.
OK if you added like base cost as well like if you want to charge like service fee or like pay fee or
like if you're using a Pieman gate feel like to check out and you can also charge you to check out feel
like $2 extra you charge him for one single thing.
So you can do that if you want to but I don't want to do it.
I don't want to do it.
I don't want to charge any extra.
He's offering me and that's OK.
So then to split costs be like 50 plus two and you can shoot it like 50 here and then then you can add
it in the check out.
But leave it as it is.
I would recommend you do not charge them for base costs like for using your website or services and
you can charge them for $1 if you want to.
And this would be like block costs this would be like if you hire me for one or this she'll be $50 and
then we have display costs you can display anything.
But I would recommend you to leave it as default so it would be like from $50 and you can just hire
me from so long like how you want to hire for one hour two or three are four or five hours.
And then we have this range.
So all merging rules will be applied to the bookings so this range is not recommended to use.
OK you can use it distrained in the availability to not use it when he or she can be like 4.
You can give a discount code like that so how this will work is that if we want to give discount.
OK so if I wanted to be like date range.
OK.
So if someone buy it on Monday.
And the Monday's time ranges will be like if someone is buying on Monday and his time is like 5:00 p.m.
OK.
So let's suppose that it's time is 5:00 p.m. and his 5:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. basically since
Monday is not is is a bad day.
Ok Monday we get a lot of sales and a lot of customers so let's just choose it to be like Friday Friday
when we don't get so much sales so if someone buys me or hire me on five.
OK 45 p.m..
OK let's just come here.
You know it's like 2:00 p.m. Then his block cost will be equal still.
OK.
So we will charge him like oh look we will charge him 50 percent off.
So he is going to go I'm going to divide it by two.
So if someone hires me OK on Friday and his range is like from this to this then we will charge him
like 50 percent after that has divided by the total price divided by two.
So let's just go ahead and let's update and let's check it out.
How this is how this works.
OK.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to view the product right now.
And now here we can see how this is looking so the person can hire me on Friday.
OK.
And if he hires me on 12pm then we charge him 50 if he hires me on 4 p.m. then we charge twenty five
$25.
The reason is that we are charging him for giving him 50 percent off so you can run a sale.
You can run something like that.
So hire hire us on Friday.
So like you don't get so many customers like here if you just go to bounce.
P.K. Bonsall thing about Karachi is basically here in Pakistan and vended don't get customers to run
a sales so there aren't like that.
You just hire.
Sorry you just come here OK this is coming right here.
Let me just go to Facebook dot com and I think they have the offer.
Let me show you what they mean.
And you can get the best example.
So I'm just going to come here I'm going to search for like bounce
so this is basically a company and they say that if you just protégées is a sock and percés a slot on
Monday to Tuesday then you are going to get 50 percent off.
So because they don't get they didn't get a lot of customers on that then that is why they're running
the sales so I just saw that and I just wanted to show you.
I hope they have it right now.
OK.
Yes this is the one I can see.
I'm going to say.
Let me just play this for you.
It is.
You can see his her piece 208.
This is the currency of Pakistan.
OK.
You can see rupees 200.
And the actual price is basically 400.
So if someone comes here in this city they just buy it like from this you can see Monday to Thursday
1:00 p.m. to 4:15 p.m..
So if you want anyone to like be like Dan if anyone just wants to hire me on those dime I very I don't
get so many seals then I can run a sale.
So like I can rent a sale that you can get 50 percent off on that.
So I hope this is a perfect example for you.
This is the video.
And mostly companies do actually around that.
So this is the perfect example that you can add ETrade here.
I'm sorry I'm just getting a lot of barbs.
I just eat so much food.
So let's just go ahead and I don't want to do that since I don't want to decrease anything.
I don't want to run any of the sale.
But if you want to run a sale it's a great way to do that.
OK.
And then we have the availability to say maximum booking per block.
Obviously obviously obviously guys there should be one because there is no deal or there's just only
one singled in the amount into the room and only be visible to one single people who can just offer
him his services.
So minimum bookable block bookable into future.
So this should be zero.
We don't want anything.
So this should be like in future if anyone wants to be like a book like it should be one days in future
and this should be like minimum future should be one month or two one two month into like if anyone
wants to hire me.
After two months so he can just go beyond that and if he just slight a fee if he don't want anyone to
just go beyond that then we will restrict it.
So if I just come here and I just refresh it OK and then I want to go ahead and I want to go beyond
that so let's just come here.
You can see I can not go like that.
This is just like two months.
A guy can just go ahead and he can just buy me any if I just selected to be like 0 you can see that
today's the day today's 22 20 seconds sorry that is 20 seconds OK.
And I have chosen that in future.
Let's go to the availability and future.
The blog bookable would be like one day into the future.
So like he can hire me on the 22 at two I will not you can not hire me on 22nd which is Saturday.
Today is like you have to me on the next day.
So this is important guys.
You should be doing that.
But if you want to keep a zero you can keep it zero.
And then you will see if I just come here and I just refreshed this and you will see 22 will be visible
because people can't hire me today as well.
So it would be so mess if I have to set my schedules as well because I have to set my schedule every
booking will be here have to set my schedule after just be prepared.
I have to be ready and I have to study his question that what is a problem to his thing and I have to
do a lot of work as well so I have a personal life that is why I would recommend you if you are using
that service then make sure that you just use it to be like one day.
So if this is the same day that he can not hire you for today.
OK so let's just go ahead and let's just say I like it to be like one day.
You can also go and like one.
So if only one single artist left than he can not hire you for one single Arald that is left so.
I mean you can also choose to be left.
But I would recommend you to stick with one name so that he should be like he should not be this 22nd
one he should book 23rd which is a tomorrow so he can just start his book from that tomorrow.
Not from that today.
OK.
So then we have maximum we'll him.
This is two months.
You cannot go beyond the tumor.
You can also choose it to be like three four or five but it totally depends.
OK.
And then we go down we go down and we have all dates are available by default.
This is now very important section guys.
Please pay attention to.
OK what I'm saying you have to understand this.
OK.
So basically let me tell you I will not be just like a fake from 24 hours I'll not be working 24 hours.
There is some time where I will be working and I have to take office.
Well.
I will not be available on Sunday because I told you guys that Sunday I'm not free and nobody can hire
me.
This is the time from a Goldring.
Sorry my friends whom I hang out hang out there and my family obviously I have to give give my time.
That is right.
So I want to be applied in here.
How will I do that.
OK.
So basically we have to select like all dates are not available by default.
And then this will work that we have to assign that we've worked from this to this.
And then all dates are not available by.
Let me just select it and let me show you what I mean to say and I will do it.
What I'm saying basically and then you will understand that what I am saying.
So in the range first I have to say that from like nine to five I will be available.
OK.
So from nine to five you can hire me for that you can not hire me.
So this is what I mean let's just come here and we have to select like diamond range.
So this will be like a date range but byme mandate he was Dave and as you said any range of Munns range
of Meek's so you can't just hire someone on Beeks OK.
And date range you can also add the ranges to be like I'll be available like let me show you from the
time first and then I'll show you that date.
OK.
So first of all we have to just skim here and we have to like time rain so we have to just assign the
time range that I will be working from 9 to 5.
So it's like 9 a.m. is it 9am.
I just have a lot of confusion so I'm sorry I'm sorry.
So this is being me.
It's OK.
This is this is 9:00 a.m. So I'll be working from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
OK and then this is bookable.
OK.
Anyone can just book me from 9am to 5pm.
After that he can not book me.
And before that he cannot book me.
OK so priority is 10.
I will show you what this is.
So let's just get him here and let's just debate it.
And let me show you what I'm trying to say.
Make sure that this is selected as not available by default and then it'll be work you have selected
like.
All dates are available and it will not work.
So make sure guys that this is checked like not available by default and now that I'm here in college
just refreshed this so if someone is here we are first of all 22 is not available just because this
data is available.
This is coming but I can not select it.
OK.
So the reason is that because we have said to the minimum block into the future like it should be like
one day after.
So if I just select it.
OK.
And just like did arrogancy it says OK let me select 24:1 because it is just applying to whole 24 hours
to that.
So let me select just 24 ones and you can see a guy can just hire me from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. OK.
So I am I'll be working these hours these nine hours.
OK.
If it's like 25 a guy can just hire me from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. if he's like 26.
I can just hire me from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. OK.
And he can also hire me for 5 pm.
Sorry the selected block is not available.
If he's like for that is available.
OK.
So since I'm working from 9:00 to 5:00.
Like this is my range.
Then if he goes in select the 5:00 p.m. 5:00 p.m. be available at 5:00 p.m. and onward.
OK.
So this duration is two one hour.
OK if you just choose to and then he comes here any choose four.
You can see it should say sorry this is not a verbal OK I can just work for four and five and six.
My total time would be six if I if I just go ahead and say so like three then this is also available
so he can hire me onward.
OK this will be like apply to that.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to select on like I need zero RS If I select for our schools
here.
There will be no.
But I can not go beyond 1.
Ok so if it's like 5 p.m. I will not be available.
Sorry the selected block is not available if you just go to 27.
You can see this is also not available.
If I just go to.
This is available.
So this is how basically it works.
And I hope you guys understand what I'm saying.
OK.
And now I want to tell you that I need off on Sundays and they are not available otherwise my current
has just told me that I need a break up so I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to head Day strange and
in here I need to go with that end of days.
So on Sunday.
Sunday.
OK.
I am not bookable.
And the priority is sit tonight because the priority will be like over it.
So this should be like on Sunday.
No one can hire me.
OK.
The priorities are to mine because it's rules with lower priority will override the will with a higher
priority so that I am available all the weeks.
OK.
And it says that I'm look I'm not available I'm not available on Sunday.
And the priorities that this is this will override the above one.
This is the priority.
So I'm just going to go out and I'm going out of date right now.
Let's just come here and let's just reverse this so you can see this Sunday is now not coming so I'll
not be available on Sunday.
I can work for you on Saturday.
OK.
I can work for you on the 21st which is Monday but I'm not available on Sundays.
If you go beyond that you can see Sunday is totally off track.
And I can also do it like I was just going to here to availability.
I also want a time range so on time range it should be like daydreams of a time
range of months weeks at end of days.
Date Range nine so you can select any of the day trains like how you won.
How should I tell you.
OK.
Basically now I want to tell you if I am going on vacations like you can see 20 second to today and
the christmas is coming so I need vacations for like new You're going to celebrate new year with my
family.
So I'm just going to like I'm going to Dubai or anywhere.
But is the best place to go on the new year just because I don't like the fireworks but I actually like
the s.l.
I don't know why there are girlie jeans in my head because most people do say that.
Mostly girls like the seal but I am addicted to seals to guys if anything is just on sale and it is
like 50 percent off or at like 90 percent 80 percent or whatever.
If it's 10 percent I'll just buy it.
I used to be like OK I need to buy it.
So if I am going on nuclear which obviously they'll obviously.
So I just like to date like 20 first from 25 to the first office the second of January and not bookable.
OK.
I should so like a daydream range of eight day range.
So from a twenty fifth of December to the first of January I'm not bookable OK.
And this should be the top of the line so this should be.
They should override everything.
This is the main important thing.
I'm not one anything I'm going to select this date that I should override everything.
OK.
Let's go ahead and let's just set a date.
OK and now let's come here and now it's free for first this so you can see that I'm only available on
20 toward 24 is Sunday.
That is why I'm not available.
If I just go to this then I'm available from third to onwards so I hope that you are understanding what
I'm saying is please please please do me a favor if you are not understanding to ask me a question and
do.
Just watch this video again guys.
And next time if you're reading this video than to pay attention because this is really very important.
And if you do not understand each and everything then it'll be a mess for you.
And when you doing it for your clients then Seriously guys it will be a mess.
So I want you to please pay attention OK.
And if there is any confusion then go ahead and watch the video from the start.
Do not go like rewind 10 seconds 15 seconds 30 seconds to not just go.
Everything from start.
And watch this video.
OK because this is so important.
OK.
And then we have everything it says maxim direction.
OK so we were on the availability.
OK.
So since I am on this holiday that is why this is here now.
And now let's add.
OK so this is totally done.
I don't think so that there is anything else so you can also restrict the days from here instead of
this like I can select it like I'll be in it.
I'll be working on Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday or Friday.
And I can just remove it.
But I would recommend you do choose this one instead of this one that is going to select this and you
can see it is how this is working.
And then we have the attributes so an attribute chicken and anything.
This is exactly like the wise old saying about the attributes of this is there is no link here about
the attributes because there is no variation.
So you you don't have to add the attribute.
Now we have the advanced lab so you can just interpretational it like it would be.
Thank you for hiring me.
Looking for ready to work with you.
Thank you for having me.
Looking forward to it for you.
OK.
And then what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going ahead of the.
So now the main part starts and that is we are going to actually test that.
If anyone buys it.
OK.
And the other guy is going to come here to our website and he's trying to buy the same date the same
time and really be able to buy.
And if than how so in the next video we'll be working over that testing of this so this is also so important
and this will be very very very much fun so stay tuned guys for that.
And I hope you just like it so goodbye.
And in the next video you'll be breaking up that.